
Becky Rosales
4087 Penrod Dr.
Riverside, CA 92505
Home 951.351.4425
Cell    951.236.2464


OBJECTIVE

To obtain an Accounts Payable position in which I can best utilize my
skills, experience and knowledge that I have obtained. Superior work
ethic, results-oriented and solution focused individual.  Proven ability
to quickly build rapport, establish trust and motivate people of all
levels, to achieve their maximum potential while attaining company's
objectives.

EDUCATION

Summit Career College               Colton, CA        Feb 2011-Sep 2011
Medical Assistant

Riverside Community College        Riverside, CA        Jun 2008-Dec
2008
Business Administration

University of Riverside               Riverside, CA        Sep 2001-Jun
2003
Production and Inventory Management

Naval School of Health Sciences             San Diego, CA        Sep
1979-Dec 1979
 U.S. Naval Corpsmen


SKILLS AND QUALITIES

Bilingual: Spanish

Administrative
  Microsoft Office          Customer Service          File Organization
  Appointment Scheduling      Patient Documentation      Medisoft
  Billing and Coding          Accounting Procedures      SAP

Clinical
  Medical Terminology          Phlebotomy              Administer
  Injections
  Physical Exams          Lab Procedures          Anatomy and Physiology
  EKG's                  CPR / First Aid          Surgical Assistance


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Bolivar Family Medical Clinic            Riverside, CA        Oct
2012-160 Hours
Front and Back Office Medical Assistant (Externship)

  Preparing patients for examination, obtaining vital signs, and
  assisting with treatments
  Taking medical histories, documentation of physical exam on patients
  charts
  Performing routine procedures such as EKG's, audiograms, and assisting
  in minor surgeries
  Performed phlebotomy and routine lab procedures, surgical set up using
  asepsis technique
  Answer phones, patient relations, med refills, and faxing med refills
  to pharmacies
  Filing and chart maintenance, patient scheduling, insurance
  verification, receiving of co-pays

James Hardie Building Products        Fontana, CA         Feb 2005- Feb
2009
Accounts Payable Clerk

Highlights:  Strong background in bookkeeping including accounts payable,
reporting and spreadsheet management.  Dead-line driven, knowledgeable in
general ledger work, managing three cost groups, each with unique cost
coding.  Ensuring aging reports are within 45 days.

  Exclusively responsible for processing all accounts payables, up to
  $1,000,000.00/ week
  Manage all petty cash and office supply expense accounts
  Reconcile bank balances; record general ledger entries
  Initialize new vendors with proper documentation
  Review and monitor encoding
  Assist department managers on proper execution of Purchase Orders


BrassCraft Manufacturing            Corona, CA         Apr 2000-Feb 2005
Production Clerk

Highlights:  Production assistant with five years of progressively
responsible experience providing office support to the materials
department. Combining excellent organizational skills with hands-on
technical knowledge, attention to details and a strong work ethic.

  Provide admin. Assistance to the Materials Mgr. and Master Scheduler
  Support production by entering accurate raw materials values, ensured
  accuracy and balances
  Inventory counts expediting orders through production, etc.
  Researched and resolved discrepancies in inventory inaccuracies
  Assisted in the maintenance of open orders scheduling

Oscar Matthews, MD                 Anaheim, CA        Apr 1994-Oct 1995
Front and Back Office Medical Assistant

  EKG/ Treadmill technician      Back Office Assistant         
  Phlebotomist
  Receptionist              Supply Clerk              Collections
  Scheduling of Vascular Imaging Exams

Glenn Ledesma, MD                Garden Grove, CA    Mar 1992-Apr 1994
Back Office Medical Assistant

  Assisting in minor surgeries using aseptic techniques          Chemical
  Peels
  Documentation Transcriptionist                   Supply Clerk

U.S. Navy Veteran Corpsman; Honorable Discharge


CERTIFICATES AND AWARDS

  Medical Assistant Certification                      Medical
  Terminology
  Injections and Blood Withdrawals                  EKG
  CPR Certification                           HIPPA
  Production and Inventory Management Certification